Metrics for node status [PLEN-63] (#16052)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/ops/common-metrics.rst

For the metric types referenced below, see the `relevant Prometheus documentation <https://prometheus.io/docs/tutorials/understanding_metric_types/>`_.

Health Metrics
**************

> We expose the below metrics for each components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expose the following metrics for each component.
```

daml_health_status
==================

- **Description**: The status of the component
- **Values**:

  - **0**: Not healthy
  - **1**: Healthy
  
- **Labels**: 

  - **component**: the name of the component being monitored

- **Type**: Gauge

gRPC Metrics
************

> We expose the below metrics for all gRPC endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expose the following metrics for all gRPC endpoints.
```

Author: I was following the existing pattern, but it looked strange to me.
I have put the clean up of the `below`s in another PR, which will likely be merge first -> #16099
